When would you want to use a remote repository
rather than keeping all your work local?

	Remote repositories are helpful in keeping
	project files in a safe place. Even if my
	local machine dies, hope not, I could still
	have all my	files of the repository safe and
	sound at the remote repository on GitHub.
	Certainly there are other benefits to having
	a remote repository, for example, having a
	public remote repository can help in sharing
	and collaborating with others on your
	project.

Why might you want to always pull changes
manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	To perform the pull command the user has to
	stop their work and then perform the desired
	pull request, the manual intervention is so
	that the user is aware of the file contents
	that are present locally. If an auto pull
	were to occur, the user may not be aware that
	a branch has been updated, and for example,
	if the master branch was updated then it may
	have new commits that the local machine did
	not, thus after an auto pull the user working
	on the local repository may perform a commit
	that essentially is trying to update the
	master branch, but unbeknownst to the user,
	there are already new commits. It will be as
	if we were trying to create two master
	branches, but then that won't be possible.
	(Note [Disclaimer]: my opinions, I could be
	wrong.)
	
Describe the differences between forks, clones,
and branches. When would you use one instead of
another?
	
	Forks: use on github repositories, when I
	want to create a branch off it, possibly
	due to not being a collaborator, and still
	have github host my version of the
	repository.
	
	Clones: use on (local and github)
	repositories to create local copies of them.
	
	Branches: use on any existing commit, to
	create modified versions for possibly
	experimentation, though the intent maybe to
	merge the branch back again with the parent,
	branch or any other.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last
known state of the remote stored locally?

	It helps in informing of how many commits
	ahead are we from the last commit pushed to
	the remote repository. This way we can be
	aware of if any commits that haven't been
	pushed, thus when need be, the push can be
	made.